                                                                          Vikela Auto Logistics Fitment Capturing System

This project is one of my personal favourites because I was able to incorporate the many processes and tasks that the staff at Vikela Auto perform on a daily basis such as collection of accessories, vehicle accessory fitment and retrieval of data among others.
The staff at Vikela Auto are able to insert accessory and fitment data as well, view this data in tables, as well as search for specific vehicle job numbers to verify if a vehicle has been fitted with accessories or not using the user friendly menus.
Job numbers for each vehicle are inserted into the Microsoft Access database prior to the arrival of the vehicles and are deleted from the database using the 'DELETE FROM DATABASE' button when a specific vehicle comes through for accessory fitment. When all job numbers have been deleted from the database all vehicles have been fitted with the required accessories. This use case notifies the Vikela Auto staff that every vehicle that required fitment has been fitted with the required accessories.

One of the most challenging parts of creating this project was incorporating the search function which checks if a job number has been inserted into the Microsoft Access database. If it has a message will be displayed notying the user that the vehicle has been fitted with accessores. If the job number hasn't been found a message will be displayed that the job number has not been found which indicates that the vehicle with that job number has not come through for fitment yet. I resolved this issue by finding bits of code on Google then creating my own function to search for job number.
